Add task delete barrier docs (default-on, with migration guide for existing clusters) (#2230)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/deployment/deploying-wso2-mi.md

    task_nodes = "node-1,node-2 ,node-3,node-4"
    ```

#### Coordinated task delete barrier

> The cluster uses the **task delete barrier** to coordinate task cleanup during hot undeployment, preventing stale tasks and brief duplicate execution across nodes. It is **enabled by default**, and the four supporting tables are created automatically by the standard `<MI_HOME>/dbscripts/<DB_TYPE>/<DB_TYPE>_cluster.sql` script. If you are upgrading an existing cluster (whose coordination database does not yet have these tables) or want to disable the feature, see [Configuring the Coordinated Task Delete Barrier]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/feature-configs/configuring-task-delete-barrier).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster uses the **task delete barrier** to coordinate task cleanup during hot undeployment, preventing stale tasks and brief duplicate execution across nodes. It is **enabled by default**, and the required tables are created automatically by the standard `<MI_HOME>/dbscripts/<DB_TYPE>/<DB_TYPE>_cluster.sql` script. If you are upgrading an existing cluster (whose coordination database does not yet have these tables) or want to disable the feature, see [Configuring the Coordinated Task Delete Barrier]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/feature-configs/configuring-task-delete-barrier).
```
